This lecture is pretty impactful just by the way it started, it is hard to understand the concept that the person speaking in front of you has a failing body and limited time. A person that you are going to learn something from is no longer going to be there in a short amount of time. 
His willingness to make others laugh in this time is daunting and scary to think about when it is our time to go as well. It makes you appreciate people while they are here. It is also impactful that he started with his childhood and his dreams, this is close and personal for every single person, we all were children with dreams.
 I also like how he talks about “brick walls” and says that those walls are there to keep people who don't want to try hard enough from doing what you want to do that you work hard for. He really has a lot of wisdom. 
I like how he talks about people as well, throughout his lecture he talks about all his inspiration to achieve his dreams and most of them are people he aspired to meet and be like. He talks about every person like he can learn something from them and I think that is very true of life as well, I believe that we have the ability to learn something from every person we meet, and that is how you come to have the wisdom he does. 
He is very creative, I love how he talks about all his virtual inventions and mentions his students. Once again he mentions how important his students were to his creative process and the people around him. 
His projects were a lot of things that were experience based, he would go out and do things, go on field trips, or create projects in real time, I think that most of his dreams were really achieved by going out and doing things, he experienced a lot of education. 
“Pay attention to not what people say, but what they do”. This really hit home for me because I really do feel like that in this world, actions speak louder than words, and it proves to be that way every single time. People's actions will always be what their actual thoughts are and what you really can depend on someone to follow through on, rather than just words. 
Never give up, this is probably one of the best pieces of advice you could give, you can always try again, always learn more, and achieve better. 
You can not do things alone, and karma has your back. He describes this towards the end and I believe it does ring true, I believe that by being your best self to other people, eventually you will be paid back for it, and succeed because you have the help you needed when you gave it. I also believe that he is completely right, you cannot do it alone, you will always need someone, whether it is your family, or your friends. 
I thought it was a sweet thing that even though it was his day he found a way to make his wife feel special, it is really sad to think about what people will be losing and they are all laughing at his jokes and his speech. 
Overall this was really bittersweet considering his situation and his credit to his kids at the end was also really amazing because he really knows how to show gratitude to the people closest to him, it was an amazing thing to learn about someone who passed but be able to relieve their piece of wisdom, it is rare that you get the privilege to learn about every single person's last advices that they have learned so you don't have to. I think his main message was that you need the people around you to have a fulfilling life, and that your talent will only extend to the point that you make it extend. He also said a lot about just going out and doing the things you want to do. 
